welcome back to movies explained today
we are looking at the movie fantasy
island a woman is running calling out
and looking around before she enters a
house she hides behind a table when the
phone rings she picks it up and starts
to beg the man to send help she tells
him that she has been abducted and taken
to some crazy island the man asks the
girl to calm down and tells her that
he's sending help the girl is thanking
him when he replies to her with her name
mrs madison she is shocked to hear her
name and asks the man how he knows it he
says you are one of my guests the people
who were following the girl come into
the house and drag her by her feet she
tries to put up a fight but fails and
the men carry her away the woman is
walking on the beach when she sees a
plane heading towards the island she
runs back in and says mr rourke the
plane is here he comes out of his study
and says smiles everyone smiles the
woman named julia goes outside to
welcome the guests an ex-police officer
patrick two stepbrothers jd and brax
businesswoman gwen and a teenager
melanie come out of the plane julia
welcomes them with flower necklaces and
drinks julia says welcome to fantasy
island congratulations on winning the
contest this weekend you will be our
vips and in return we ask you to brag
about us online when you get back home
she introduces herself that she is the
personal assistant of the host mr rourke
the guests start guessing about him brax
says i have heard that mr rourke bought
this island from the natives 200 years
ago for six boxes of rum melanie says
that he was an angel investor in the 90s
and got bored of silicon valley to which
gwen interrupts and says that he got
bored and opened an amusement park julia
jumps into the conversation and says
trust me there is more to this island
and everything and anything is possible
here she informs the guests that mr
rourke will meet them after he has done
the final preparations they should go to
their rooms and freshen up an older man
damon is seen looking at the guests from
far away while they go into the mansion
the attendants take the other members to
their room while they ask jd and brax to
wait in the bar a man takes patrick to
his room and he tries to give some tips
to him but the attendant replies there
is no need for money here melanie
unpacks her stuff and sits looking at a
picture she takes out of her bag julia
takes gwen to her room gwen is surprised
to see the great place and asks julia
that how this place works julia replies
that mr rorke taylors every fantasy
especially for each guest gwen asks that
he does this all based on one
questionnaire julia says that she is
relatively new and knows as little about
mr rourke as gwen julia says that the
only thing i know is that your life is
about to change forever and leaves with
a smile when she walks out of gwen's
room her nose starts bleeding she cleans
it and walks away gwen is changing
clothes when she hears the water
tripping she follows the sound to the
bathroom and sees a burned man in the
mirror but finds no one when she turns
the next scene is in the bar where
melanie is grabbing drinks why the
brothers are trying to get away to talk
to mr rourke about their rooms patrick
makes an introduction with the brothers
and is surprised to find out about their
relationship jd and brax mess with him
about being racist but then tell him
that they were kidding jd says that his
father married brax's mother when he was
still in pampers all of the guests make
an introduction to each other melanie
teases patrick with her talk all of them
are talking about their fantasies jd
guesses that it may be like larp to
which patrick adds that he may be right
that it can be some immersive experience
melanie adds it might be like tupac they
all share their thoughts when mr rourke
comes from behind and makes his
introduction he says i am the ambassador
to your deepest desires and i welcome
you to fantasy island mr rourke thinks
you will know soon how this whole thing
works he tells them there are two rules
on this island one is that there is one
fantasy per guest and the second is that
you must see your imagination through
its natural conclusion no matter what he
further explains that fantasies rarely
plan out as we expect them to but they
always play out exactly as they should
be melanie asks don't you know how each
fantasy will go to which mr rourke
replies no only the island knows i am
just a humble steward mr rourke says
that your fantasies will start after a
good night's sleep jd asks mr rourke
about their room and he replies that
come with me your dream is going to
begin now jd and brax are talking while
mr rorke takes them to their fantasy he
says your fantasy was to have it all and
then takes them to a grand mansion rave
both of them get highly excited and jump
into the crowd mr roark informs them
that if they need to talk to him pick up
the phone and leaves brax sees a burnt
man but ignores it by saying this is
just because of some weed gwen wakes up
and the hotel attendant informs her that
mr rorke is waiting for her she goes to
see him mr rourke says that i have been
helping people realize their fantasies
for longer than i can remember usually
the fantasies are about sexual stuff but
yours is relatively abstract you wrote
in the questionnaire that happiness and
i are not exactly compatible now regrets
are my old friend and if i had one wish
it would be to get a do-over mr rourke
says that this is a challenge and i take
it she says i always pictured myself
with one little girl so mr rorke asks
who do you want to have a daughter with
she refrains from replying when he tells
her that regret is like a disease it has
affected you for too long i can help you
with your situation if you let me she
tells him about alan that she was in a
dark place when they were dating and
when he proposed she rejected it mr
rourke says that you didn't believe alan
loved you because you don't believe you
deserve love he gets up and asks that if
you can do that moment over will you say
yes she laughs and says yeah he points
at the door she walks towards it and
opens it it takes her to maestro's where
allen is waiting for her she is
surprised to see him there and asks him
multiple questions about how he got
there and apologizes that she got him
involved in all this mr rourke leaves
them and says enjoy your meal gwen tells
alan to drop the act she says i have not
spoken to you for five years and you
have not aged a day allen is surprised
to hear her saying this and tells her he
saw her this morning in bed gwen is
overwhelmed so she goes to mr rourke and
says this is not what i wanted he tells
her that this is her second chance to
say yes but gwen continues stating that
it's pointless he says regret has ruined
your life now take this chance to get
away from it gwen is still not satisfied
with the answer and says that this is
not even real to which mr rourke says
this is your fantasy and it can get as
real as you want it to be patrick tells
melanie about his fantasy of being a
soldier after his dad but never made it
there melanie also shares her fantasy of
getting revenge on her childhood bully
who marked her as a psycho stalker girl
for life they are talking when mr rourke
asks melanie to come with him and start
her fantasy melanie goes through the
elevator and presses the button with no
floor as mr roor constructed her the
door opens and she enters a control room
melanie sets her camera to record her
fantasy she presses one of the buttons
when sloane appears behind a glass door
tied to a chair melanie perceives her as
a hologram and gets excited about
torturing her in different ways she
posts the video of sloan making out with
another man who is not her husband on
the screen she sees her husband seeing
the footage and making a call to sloane
he says that this is the reason you were
not around for the past two days melanie
realized that she was the actual sloane
not some hologram dr torture appears in
the room where sloane is tied and he
tries to kill her but melanie manages to
stop him by giving him an electric shock
using one of the buttons she breaks the
glass and escapes from the place with
her mr rorke drives patrick to a forest
where he hands over a bag and says all
the stuff you need is in here to start
your fantasy he gets dressed as a
soldier and is finding his way when
damon confronts him and tells him that
this place is not what it seems like and
people die here a group of soldiers
approach patrick and start interrogating
him he says he got separated from his
unit on a covert mission but they don't
believe him and say to him we will take
you to lt jd and brax are enjoying
themselves at the mansion talking about
their experience from last night
meanwhile gwen is still trying to make
alan drop the charade but he says you
push everyone away don't do it this time
he proposes to gwen and she says yes to
his proposal jd and brax go into the
mansion and look around in different
rooms they walk through the panic room
enter the armory take a grenade outside
and throw it in the sea meanwhile
patrick moves with the unit he discovers
that their mission is to get the us
hostages out of the place near the
border they take him to lt their
commander who patrick recognizes as his
dad lt continues to interrogate him and
fails to believe that patrick is his son
firing starts and patrick is shot in the
arm and becomes unconscious several drug
cartels shoot at the mansion and
alejandro gets shot jd and brax lead the
models to the panic room but are stuck
outside brax calls mr rork and says this
is not what we wanted he says that when
you have something other people want to
take it from you once a fantasy starts
it must go through its natural
conclusion and hangs up the phone
melanie and sloane walk through the
forest when sloane asks melanie how she
reached this place melanie makes up a
story when dr torture attacks sloan
damon stops the attack and kills dr
torture he tells the girls to follow him
if they want to live gwen wakes up from
a nightmare looks around and goes back
to sleep again patrick tries to wrap his
head around seeing his dead father alive
after years he shares some memories of
him from his childhood and at last lt
believes him he tells him that he died
in venezuela trying to save his men gwen
wakes up and sees her and alan's picture
from their wedding on her phone's
wallpaper she goes and appreciates mr
rourke for using photoshop so nicely
when he tells her that she had been
married to allen for five years and has
a daughter she gets some memory flashes
from the past five years and is amazed
mr rourke tells her that my wife and i
were obsessed with this island she
didn't make it here but the island
brought her back and as long as he
brings people's fantasies to life he can
have his wife alive he says to gwen that
now the island has granted you your
dream so please live it lt tries to
escape from the mission with patrick but
he stops him because he thinks that this
is not supposed to happen this way his
father says a hero is just a stupid
person who dies i have to get back to my
son alive the men hold brax and jd
hostage and try to get information about
the cash and cocaine jd lies to the man
in the mask to save his life and says
the money is downstairs brax takes him
there but gets in the armory and takes
the masked man hostage melanie and
sloane follow damon into a cave where he
takes them to the source of the island's
power a rock he tells them that we have
to get out of here a man trying to get
the power for himself sent me to
investigate the island and got involved
in the twisted fantasies mr rorke
offered they get out of the cave to make
a call from the hotel to get an airplane
damon dies when he jumps off the cliff
with dr torture gwen goes to mr rorke to
change her fantasy but he says this is
not the rule she at last convinces him
to redo her story and goes to save nick
where she sees brax jd and patrick she
is unable to save him patrick and his
father along with the unit enter the
mansion to protect the people inside jd
and brax escape when the masked men die
but they come to life and shoot jd and
he dies patrick lt and brax are running
when masked men shoot at them lt fights
back end dies while patrick and brax
escape all of the guests unite and head
to the cave to destroy the rock they get
separated from each other and get
twisted in their desires melanie reveals
that she was about to get a real life
fantasy with nick when he died because
of all the people there she tells her
that this is my fantasy and i want you
all to die for nick gwen connects all
the dots of nick's death brax and jd
were his roommates while the fire
started because gwen and patrick refused
to help while he was a cop all of them
apologized to melanie but she is bent on
killing her mr rourke leaves the guest
to die when julia tells him that they
are your guests you must do something to
save them mr rorke comes back to the
cave and reminds sloane that she is the
one who has not started her fantasy yet
she wishes melanie to be with nick
forever when a zombie like nick pulls
her into the black water but she manages
to throw a grenade at the guests the
grenade is about to blow up when patrick
jumps on it and saves everyone they wake
up in their rooms and ask what happened
mr rourke tells them that patrick died
like a hero and now they are free to go
back a plane comes and they get on board
mr rorke tells gwen that he will stay
there and take care of the island the
plane takes off with jd taking the place
of brax in exchange for brac staying on
the island forever the story ends with
the plane heading back home over the
ocean and brax becoming an employee of
mr rourke
[Music]
you